manifest: sdk-connectedhomeip: Fix reliability issues with multicasts (#17633)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-4 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0

KRKNWK-19524: Reliability issues with multicast message delivery for certain Access Points.

>   Certain Access Points require Wi-Fi devices to send MLDv2 (Multicast Listener Discovery version 2) Report messages in order for multicast packets to be properly delivered to a given address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Certain Access Points require Wi-Fi devices to send Multicast Listener Discovery version 2 (MLDv2) Report messages for multicast packets to be properly delivered to a given address.
```

  Matter over Wi-Fi devices only subscribed to multicast addresses within the internal IPv6 stack, without notifying the Access Points, leading to reliability issues with multicast message delivery.

>   **Workaround:** To ensure reliable multicast communication, use the ``net_ipv6_mld_join`` and ``net_ipv6_mld_leave`` functions to explicitly subscribe or unsubscribe to multicast addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** To ensure reliable multicast communication, use the :c:func:`net_ipv6_mld_join` and :c:func:`net_ipv6_mld_leave` functions to explicitly subscribe or unsubscribe to multicast addresses.
```

>   For reference, you can refer to the commit with the fix in the ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` repository (commit hash: ``TBD``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For reference, see the commit with the fix in the ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` repository (commit hash: ``TBD``).
```

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-4 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0

KRKNWK-19524: Reliability issues with multicast message delivery for certain Access Points.
  Certain Access Points require Wi-Fi devices to send Multicast Listener Discovery version 2 (MLDv2) Report messages for multicast packets to be properly delivered to a given address.
  Matter over Wi-Fi devices only subscribed to multicast addresses within the internal IPv6 stack, without notifying the Access Points, leading to reliability issues with multicast message delivery.

  **Workaround:** To ensure reliable multicast communication, use the :c:func:`net_ipv6_mld_join` and :c:func:`net_ipv6_mld_leave` functions to explicitly subscribe or unsubscribe to multicast addresses.

>   For reference, see the commit with the fix in the ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` repository (commit hash: ``TBD``).

Author: Seems that the hash was not updated before merging to `08acaf44604acef6679bd7eb2d6b51245bcfa54c`. Will file a PR for it.
